README.md, before:

## List of Free Software Testing Books

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

### Intro

There is a list of [free programming ebooks](https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books).
And I have decided to create a similar list but for [software testing books](https://github.com/ligurio/free-software-testing-books/blob/master/free-software-testing-books.md).

### Quotes

Alexander Todorov (Open source QA, Senior QA engineer at Red Hat):

> There's [a huge list of free books on the topic of software testing](http://atodorov.org/blog/2015/05/20/free-software-testing-books/).
> This will definitely be my summer reading list. I hope you find it helpful.

### License

[![CC0 Public Domain](http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Sergey Bronnikov](https://bronevichok.ru) has
waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Add links to the podcasts and courses

README.md, after:

## List of Free Software Testing Books

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

### Intro

There is a list of [free programming ebooks](https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books).
And I have decided to create a similar list but for [software testing books](/free-software-testing-books.md). And now we have not only lists with books [in English](/free-software-testing-books.md) and [Russian](/free-software-testing-books-ru.md), but also [courses](/free-software-testing-courses.md) and [podcasts](/free-software-testing-podcasts.md).

### Quotes

Alexander Todorov (Open source QA, Senior QA engineer at Red Hat):

> There's [a huge list of free books on the topic of software testing](http://atodorov.org/blog/2015/05/20/free-software-testing-books/).
> This will definitely be my summer reading list. I hope you find it helpful.

### License

[![CC0 Public Domain](http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Sergey Bronnikov](https://bronevichok.ru) has
waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
